Dependencies

Squeezelite-R2 requires header files for the following libraries to be present at 
build time: * libasound2 * libflac * libmad0 * libvorbis * libmpg123

All above libraries are dynamically loaded and optional at runtime, meaning that 
these libraries are only required on the build machine.

It also optionally supports the following libraries which may be enabled by 
defining additional build options: * libsoxr * libffmpeg * libfaad

DEBIAN LINUX:

with alsa support (*):

Depends: libasound2 
Depends: libavcodec56  
Depends: libavcodec-extra-56  
Depends: libavformat56  
Depends: libavutil54  
Depends: libc6  
Depends: libfaad2  
Depends: libflac8 or libflac12   
Depends: libmad0  
Depends: libmpg123-0  
Depends: libsoxr0  
Depends: libvorbisfile3 

with portaudio support:

Depends: libportaudio2 
Depends: libavcodec56  
Depends: libavcodec-extra-56  
Depends: libavformat56  
Depends: libavutil54  
Depends: libc6  
Depends: libfaad2  
Depends: libflac8  
Depends: libmad0  
Depends: libmpg123-0  
Depends: libsoxr0  
Depends: libvorbisfile3

Build Options

Optional build options are enabled by passing additional defines to the compiler. 
This may be done with the -D option to ggc or via setting OPTS before calling the 
included makefiles. For example:

OPTS="-DFFMPEG -DRESAMPLE -DFAAD" make

The following build options are supported:

* PORTAUDIO - build with port audio support (on linux only, it is not optional on other platforms) 
* RESAMPLE - build with libsoxr support for real time upsampling 
* FFMPEG - build with FFMPEG support for wma and alac support. Note that this requires the binary to be run 
with FFMPEG library versions which match the header files used for compilation. 
This is necessary and the ffmpeg api changes between versions. 
* VISEXPORT - support export of audio data to jivelite for visualization support (linux only) 
* DSD - support of DSD playback via 'natives' formats when possible or DOP.  
* FAAD - build with FAAD support 

Target Platforms

Squeezelite-R2 can builds on debian linux or fedora using included makefiles:

- Makefile.debian (*)
- Makefile.fedora (*)

- Makefile.resample

are just example on how to enable additiona features in linux.

To produce your own makefile, set options and flags for your platform, specify 
the executable name and include Makefile.

To build on linux with support i.e for resampling if the same tree was previously 
used to build with different options:

OPTS=-DRESAMPLE make clean

OPTS=-DRESAMPLE make

(*) PLEASE NOTE: DSD option require ALSA >= 1.0.29 to work.
Debian jessie 'stable' is not a candidate, works in Ubuntu 16.04LTS.

To compile without DSD support, edit the Makefile.xxx and remove -DSD option.

SEE "Old versions" folder for other option or visit: https://audiodigitale.eu/
